feat: Support configOverride with stored orchestration configs (#2004)
SAP/ai-sdk-js: .changeset/rich-friends-boil.md

---
"@sap-ai-sdk/orchestration": minor
---

> [feat] Added `configOverride` field to `OrchestrationConfigRef` to pass a `PartialOrchestrationConfig` that overrides parts of the stored orchestration config at request time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[feat] Added `overrideConfig` field to `OrchestrationConfigRef` to pass a `PartialOrchestrationConfig` that overrides parts of the stored orchestration configuration at request time.
```

> Streaming via `.stream()` now automatically sets `stream.enabled = true` in the partial config override, so config-ref clients no longer require streaming to be pre-configured in the stored config.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Streaming via `.stream()` now automatically sets `stream.enabled = true` in the partial configuration override, so clients using a stored orchestration configuration reference no longer require streaming to be pre-configured in the stored configuration.
```
